‘When a person has on the skin of his body a swelling or an eruption or a spot, and it turns into a leprous disease on the skin of his body, he shall be brought to Aaron the priest or to one of his sons the priests. The priest shall examine the disease on the skin of his body, and if the hair in the diseased area has turned white and the disease appears to be deeper than the skin of his body, it is a leprous disease; after the priest has examined him he shall pronounce him ceremonially unclean. But if the spot is white in the skin of his body, and appears no deeper than the skin, and the hair in it has not turned white, the priest shall confine the diseased person for seven days. The priest shall examine him on the seventh day, and if he sees that the disease is checked and the disease has not spread in the skin, then the priest shall confine him seven days more. The priest shall examine him again on the seventh day, and if the disease has abated and the disease has not spread in the skin, the priest shall pronounce him clean; it is only an eruption; and he shall wash his clothes, and be clean. But if the eruption spreads in the skin after he has shown himself to the priest for his cleansing, he shall appear again before the priest.  The priest shall make an examination, and if the eruption has spread in the skin, the priest shall pronounce him unclean; it is a leprous disease’.
@‘Again, near the sea many people live, and Seriphian grows near them, and therefore is more fitting for their bodies, because nourished by the same air; and this I had from Dr. Reason. In whose body Dr. Reason dwells not, dwells Dr. Madness, and he brings in his brethren, Dr. Ignorance, Dr. Folly, and Dr. Sickness, and these together make way for Death, and the latter end of that man is worse than the beginning… 

…The eyes are under the Luminaries; the right eye of a man, and the left eye of a woman the Sun claims dominion over: the left eye of a man, and the right eye of a woman, are privileges of the Moon, Wormwood, an herb of Mars cures both; what belongs to the Sun by sympathy, because he is exalted in his house; but what belongs to the Moon by antipathy, because he hath his fall in hers. Suppose a man be bitten or stung by a martial creature, imagine a wasp, a hornet, a scorpion, Wormwood, an herb of Mars, gives you a present cure’.
@‘The worst has happened: something horrible is going to rejoin the cage of time! He leans over and applies his saliva-steeped tongue to an angelic cheek whose owner glances at him beseechingly. For some time he runs that tongue over that cheek. Oh! Look!...Look there!...The pink and white cheek has turned black as coal! Tainted miasmas it exhales. This is gangrene – no longer any doubt about it. The gnawing sickness spreads across the whole face and from there wreaks havoc on the lower regions: soon the entire body is only an enormous loathsome wound…

…The unease has gone. He keeps his resolve, and according to him, it will be glorious sooner or later to conquer the most high – to reign in his place over the entire universe and legions of angels as beautiful as that one. Which, without speaking, gives Maldoror to understand that it will, as it mounts toward heaven, resume its pristine form; lets fall a tear which refreshes the brow if him who has given the angel gangrene; and gradually disappears like a vulture, rising amid the clouds’.

